KEANE: He saved our lives.
CARRIE: Yeah.
KEANE: What was his name?
BRODY:
Carrie, you're not yourself.
CARRIE: But you don't have
my condition.
I'm dealing with it.
I-I've been dealing with it
since I was 22.
♪ ♪
MAGGIE: She said no one at work
could know. She's bipolar.
MAN: The mood of the country,
it's not great.
O'KEEFE: Civil... war!
CARRIE:
Madam President, please!
You have to put a stop to this!
WOMAN:
It's only getting worse.
QUINN:
Is there no fucking line?
HILLARY CLINTON: Ridiculous lies
and accusations.
♪ ♪
WOMAN: The White House
is in crisis mode.
SAUL: I'm talking
about information warfare.
CARRIE: Our country
is under attack.
♪ ♪
O'KEEFE:
The time to rise up is now!
♪ ♪
CARRIE: I swore an oath
to protect it.
(siren wailing)
QUINN: Just think of me
as a light on the headlands,
a beacon, steering you clear
of the rocks.
(roaring)
(engines powering down)
Saul Berenson
National Security Advisor.
Thomas Anson
Carter Bennet
Dominique Marquis
"Doxie"
Security.
Tanner
Barrios
Department of Justice.
Lawyers.
(scoffs)
So that's her.
(computer beeps)
(typing)
Your "Useful Idiot."
She's not an idiot.
What were you thinking, letting
them come here?
(engines continue powering down)
♪ ♪
(lock buzzes)
(cell door clinking, thud)
♪ ♪
(lock buzzes)
(helicopter blades whirring
in distance)
(door closes)
PALEY: They tell me you don't
get a lot of visitors.
I can see why.
I take it you're aware
of the mess in Washington.
DAR ADAL:
Yeah, the mess you made.
I'd say President Keane
gets most of the credit.
We're invoking
the 25th Amendment
to remove her.
It's at the Supreme Court now.
She thinks she's got
the winning argument,
but from what I'm hearing,
she'll be gone very soon.
-So what do you want from me?
-Advice.
Because just when there's light
at the end of the tunnel,
I get some disturbing news
about your pal Saul Berenson,
who, with everything
happening in Washington,
suddenly flies off to Moscow
in the middle of the night
on an unscheduled
"diplomatic mission."
Who told you that?
A reliable source,
who also provided
a passenger manifest.
(lock buzzes in distance)
What do you want me to do?
Tell me what
he's up to over there.
Why would I?
Because there's a new
administration coming,
and I'm thinking,
with everyone else in town
free as a bird,
why not you?
Carrie Mathison...
and her team from Kabul.
Saul.
And two lawyers from DOJ
who probably have no idea
what's really going on.
What is going on?
Carrie and three of her buddies
from the Middle East?
It's not a diplomatic mission.
It's a covert operation.
To do what?
How am I supposed to know?
I've been here, walking around
in circles for six months.
Well, who would know?
Whoever's running it
stateside.
-The Agency.
-(scoffs)
That place is a sieve.
Saul would have
his own small group,
off-campus, handpicked.
Who?
People he trusts.
Seconded from other agencies
or recent retirees brought back
for a last fling.
Doesn't exactly
narrow it down.
He went to Russia.
Look for Russian experts.
You'll find
there aren't that many.
♪ ♪
(sirens wailing)
(wailing continues)
-LAUGHLIN: Welcome to Moscow.
-Jim.
(door closes)
♪ ♪
This is your clean suite.
(sighs)
We can't vouch for
any other place in the hotel.
You need to talk,
do it here.
These guys are
all over everything.
Assume you're being watched.
(metal bars clank)
(typing on laptop)
(beep)
(zipper whirs)
Now for some
encouraging news.
Yevgeny's dacha.
And there they are.
Pretty much around the clock.
-What are they up to?
-In Russian? Chertov.
With occasional walks
to the village for food.
Think that presents
an opportunity?
LAUGHLIN: I think we should
stick with the original plan.
Security remains light
at the dacha, at least so far.
Two guards are camped out
at the end of the driveway,
plus a third
who wanders the grounds
according to a schedule
we have yet to divine.
Almost lackadaisical.
What's the old
Soviet saying?
"We pretend to work,
you pretend to pay us"?
(chuckles)
Who's going in?
And you're on comms?
-That's right.
-What about the locals?
Two, just like you asked.
Totally reliable.
We've used them before. They'll
meet up with you at the site.
-Questions?
-Well, I have a few.
Yevgeny sticks to Simone
like glue.
How do you intend
on breaking him off?
We have a plan for that.
And what about
her exfiltration after?
We have a plan for that, too.
Fine. One last thing.
From what I'm hearing,
the president is hanging on
by a thread in Washington.
She authorized this operation.
What happens if she falls?
Anyone have a plan for that?
(doorbell rings)
(dog barking in distance)
Can I help you?
I hope so. Is Clint here?
Clint?
Come on. He's in back.
Clint, you have a visitor.
(computer beeps, buttons tap)
Hello.
Well, I'll just...
Who are you?
Janet. Bayne.
Senator Paley's assistant.
Chief of staff,
but, yeah, I am.
In fact, a question
the senator posed to me,
a personnel question,
is what led me here to you,
and, uh, I'll just say it.
I know you're working
with Saul Berenson.
I also know he just took
a group to Moscow--
Carrie Mathison,
among others--
supposedly to object
to operations
the Russians are running
here in the U.S.,
but, really,
they're over there to...
That's the part
I need you to fill in.
Wait. They are there
to talk about Russian
operations in the U.S.
-Really?
-Really.
I mean, if it's
something else...
I don't know.
Well, I'm sorry
to hear that,
because this little spy
fraternity you're involved in,
it's completely illegal,
especially if you're supporting
off-book operations in Moscow.
WOMAN: Clint?
Can I bring you guys something?
-Yeah, just a second, Mom!
-So, why are they there?
♪ ♪
I will call the attorney general
right now.
I really will.
I will call the attorney general
and blow the whole thing up.
(whispers): Fuck.
♪ ♪
They're there, um...
They're there...
to retrieve Simone Martin.
(gulps)
She's alive?
♪ ♪
(papers rustling)
Before we begin,
(woman translating):
Before we begin...
I'd like to welcome our American
counterparts to Moscow
and assure you,
(woman continues translating)
we're eager to hear what you
have to say.
It is a measure of our
seriousness
that we not only have
representatives from the GRU,
myself, and my associates...
but also representatives from
the SVR, in particular General
Yakushin,
who expressed a keen interest in
being here.
I have no illusions about the
task in front of us,
(Saul whispers indistinctly)
there will be many
disagreements...
SAUL (whispers):
Where's Yevgeny Gromov?
Is there a problem?
You promised to gather
the relevant parties.
(man translating in Russian)
And we have.
-WOMAN: And we have.
-Then where is Yevgeny Gromov?
-(translator speaks Russian)
-Yevgeny?
-Gromov. You must know him.
-(translator speaks Russian)
I've heard this name, yes,
but...
He has unique knowledge
of the issues
we're here to discuss.
(translator speaks Russian)
Yevgeny Gromov?
(scoffs, speaks Russian)
He sits in front of a computer
screen in the basement.
-He's nobody.
-I disagree.
In fact, the opposite.
We feel there's no point
in proceeding without him.
(man translates in Russian)
Karasho.
Fine. I will try to find him.
-WOMAN:
-(headset clatters)
(sighs)
(cell phone clicks,
line rings)
-Yes?
-MIROV: Yevgeny.
I thought you were busy with
your conference.
I am. But there's been a
development.
The Americans want you here,
they asked for you by name.
Did you hear me?
You told them I don't exist,
right?
It wasn't possible.
Why is that?
General Yakushin. He's never
understood the importance of
your work.
All he hears is the American
saying you're the reason he has
to sit here listening to their
complaints.
You have to come.
I'm busy.
Yevgeny
We let the Americans in to find
out what they know,
well they won't say if you're
not here.
In, out, we'll make it fast.
When does this happen?
Now.
(cell phone beeps)
(sighs)
(men speaking in lowered voices)
(Saul clears throat)
He's coming.
Why don't we all adjourn
until he gets here?
The director suggests we
adjourn until Yevgeny arrives.
-(headset thuds)
-SAUL: Yep.
(headset thuds)
-(card swipes, beep)
-(sighs) You're on.
(siren wailing in distance)
-Well?
-"Well" what?
What I told you.
Simone, alive and well
in Russia...
I said I need time
to think about it.
We don't have time.
(sighs) Fucking Keane
and her fucking Russians.
-I know.
-Worst part is, she told me.
She told me not only
that it was Russians
but that they were using me
to get to her.
Imagine Simone Martin back here,
saying that publicly,
that everything we've been
blaming on Keane
is actually Russians.
It's not inevitable
that Simone Martin
makes it back
to the United States.
It is very much up to you.
What do you mean
it's up to me?
A few words to
the Russian ambassador...
A few words,
and Saul's mission fails.
You want me to rat out
our own guys?
No, I want you to finish
what we started
and remove a president
so despised
her own cabinet lined up
to get rid of her.
Were we wrong about
some facts? Apparently.
But we were not wrong
about her.
I took the liberty of telling
the ambassador's office...
-Jesus.
-...you might want
a few words with him.
You know the country
will be better off.
The country?
Okay. You and me, too.
What's wrong with that?
♪ ♪
He's waiting, Senator.
Senator?
-Fuck it.
-(unbuckles seat belt)
(car door closes)
♪ ♪
(speaking inaudibly)
WOMAN: Stand by.
Ready.
-Thank you for coming.
-(man translating in Russian)
I know it was
an inconvenience.
But believe me, we've come
much, much further to be here.
We made the journey to ask you
about your involvement
in several recent events.
One, the death
of General McClendon
at Hazelton Penitentiary.
Two, a false news report
propagated during
an armed standoff
at Lucasville, Virginia,
that resulted in the death of
dozens of American civilians.
Three, the death
of FBI Agent Dante Allen
in an emergency room at
a hospital near Washington, D.C.
How would I know anything about
these things in your country?
I've been in Moscow the whole
time.
We respectfully disagree.
Hmm.
Fake.
-No. They're quite real.
-(man translating in Russian)
Everything you think you know is
fake,
built on fallacy.
You come here thinking you are
victims.
You are not.
(motor whirring)
You want to talk aggression,
fine.
But don't start last week.
There is a whole history
of aggression,
by your country against ours,
what you call "context,"
the Cold War
which in your minds never ended.
One.
The expansion of NATO into
Eastern Europe starting in 1994.
Two.
The NATO war against Yugoslavia
in 1999.
Three.
The U.S. war against Iraq in
2003.
Four.
Unilateral recognition of Kosovo
independence
in 2008.
Five.
Libya.
Six.
Syria.
War,
war, war, war,
by the U.S., against us,
I'm almost out of fingers.
We're not here to talk about
the last 30 years.
I am.
That's what I'm here to talk
about.
Well, we're here
to talk about this.
You...
in Lucasville.
You... in an emergency room
outside of Washington, D.C.
You... using me to inflict
damage on my own country.
(whispers indistinctly)
(footsteps depart)
(whispering indistinctly)
Uh, maybe we should all
have a break.
♪ ♪
(headset thuds)
(birds calling)
(unzips screen)
(zips up screen)
-CARRIE: Is everything okay?
-So far. Why?
Something just happened
downstairs.
A message came in to Mirov.
Maybe it was nothing, but you
should give 'em a heads-up.
Alpha One, this is Main.
What's your status?
-(two beeps over headset)
-All good. They're fine.
♪ ♪
(clicking)
(gunshot)
-(speaks indistinctly)
-(man shouts indistinctly)
(gunfire)
-Shit.
-Alpha One?
-It's a fucking ambush.
-Alpha Two?
-(gunshot)
-(grunts)
(man shouts in Russian)
(gunfire continues)
-(car chirps)
-ANSON: Move! Go! Let's go!
(gunfire continues,
man shouts in Russian)
♪ ♪
-(gunshots)
-(grunts)
-ANSON: Go!
-(engine starts)
(man shouts in Russian)
-(gunshots)
-(man shouts in Russian)
(tires screech)
(engine revving,
tires screeching)
BENNET: Main, this is
Alpha Two, inbound.
We're down a man. Over.
-DOXIE: Copy that, Alpha Two.
-(sighs heavily)
(unzips screen)
♪ ♪
Five to four.
Against.
The Supreme Court
just announced it.
How is that possible?
The solicitor general sat
right there two days ago
and assured me that
the cabinet serves
at my discretion.
I can fire them
as I wish.
Apparently, the court
had issues with the... delivery.
-What delivery?
-Of the notice of termination
to the cabinet members.
They're not gonna stop, these
people lined up against me.
I think we should focus
on more hopeful terrain.
-Like what?
-The vote in Congress, for one.
Two-thirds is
a very high bar.
And Saul in Moscow.
They'll probably get
to him, too.
(door opens)
-ASHLEY: Madam President.
-What is it?
It's okay, Ashley.
Thank you.
Not wasting any time.
So you heard
the court's decision.
Yeah. Delivery issues
with the pink slips.
Not enough stamps, I guess.
This is a moment that was
never meant to happen.
You know that, right?
A moment utterly
not contemplated
in the Constitution.
Everyone keeps waving around
like they actually care
what it says.
I do care what
the Constitution says.
Good. Then explain to me
how you used the 25th Amendment
to oust a president
who is not in a coma,
not in any way disabled,
clearly in possession
of her faculties,
clearly able to discharge
the duties of her office.
-How is that done?
-Madam President, I am here
to relieve you
of your command.
♪ ♪
We were fine,
and then we weren't.
-They knew we were coming.
-Gotta figure out how.
No, we don't. You don't know
they were tipped off.
It's not true. We saw Mirov
get some kind of message.
-He left the room.
-That could've been anything.
It was always a Hail Mary,
this operation.
It failed, for whatever reason.
Only thing we had going
for us was surprise,
which is gone,
as is Simone,
who could be anywhere
on the planet by now.
(exhales sharply)
So what we're gonna do
is get out
before we're called to account
for those bodies at the dacha.
We're leaving?
You can't be serious.
I am, 'cause while this
was going south,
something else happened
back in Washington.
Elizabeth Keane is
no longer president.
Whatever authorization
we had has vanished.
We leave in the morning.
We use the situation in D.C.
to explain our departure.
Saul, we're not finished.
We can't be.
There is
something to be done here.
So tell me,
what's the plan?
-We can't just leave.
-We can.
-First thing in the morning.
-(unzips screen)
-(sighs)
-(thud)
(telephone ringing)
-(beep)
-MAX: We're here.
CARRIE: How are things
in Washington?
-Couldn't be more fucked up.
-(sighs) Except here.
SANDY: Carrie?
We got your message,
but we don't quite understand
what you have in mind.
-Simone has vanished.
-Yeah. That we understood.
We don't have the time or
resources to locate her again.
And even if we did,
she'll be under guard now
in a way she wasn't before.
We need someone
to take us to her.
-So what's the plan?
-I don't know.
I don't know.
That's what Saul asked.
There are all kinds
of animosities
on their side of the table.
I spent the whole day
staring at them.
General Yakushin from SVR
and Mirov from the G.R.U.,
they can't stand each other,
and Yakushin's
really had it up to here with
Yevgeny's condescending crap.
There are fissures there
we can pry open,
turn them against each other
in a way they do us.
Yevgeny's the only one who
actually cares about Simone.
There-there must be
something we can exploit.
Okay, that's...
A wish, not a plan. I know.
I was gonna say
it's a good idea.
-This SVR guy, Yakushin.
-(beep)
He's the one you can get to.
He's old-school.
He wants America
to be stable.
It's where he hides
all the money he steals.
Drives him crazy,
Yevgeny going around
stirring up trouble.
So you think we play on
his resentment?
God, no.
Carrie, I'm sending you
something.
-(computer chirps)
-SANDY: You wanna get to him?
Forget resentment.
Go for his money.
How?
(sighs) We make it disappear.
(clank)
(door closes)
Sorry if I woke you.
You really think
I've been sleeping?
-So?
-You said you wanted a plan.
What I said was
we're going home.
Well, I've got one.
Wanna hear it?
You were in that room,
just like I was.
There are divisions on their
side we can use against them.
That's it?
(exhales, scoffs) No.
Yevgeny's like this with Simone,
he'll be even
more protective of her
after what happened today.
His boss, Mirov-- he doesn't
care about her personally,
but he needs to
protect her, too.
The last thing he wants
is her back in the U.S.,
blabbing about how they all
brought down a president.
Yakushin, though,
has resentments
the size of fucking Siberia
about what those two
have been doing over
at the G.R.U.
That doesn't mean
he'll help us.
No, but it means
he won't mind helping us,
-given the proper incentive.
-Which is what?
Yakushin's got nearly
$300 million in U.S. banks,
funneled through corporations
he controls.
We drain those accounts.
He asks what he has to do
to get his money back.
We tell him, "Get us Simone."
-You think he'll deliver Simone?
-I don't need him to.
All he has to do is find her.
I'll do the rest.
-You will.
-With Anson and Bennet.
Okay, suppose you're right
and Yakushin finds her.
Suppose, by some miracle,
you manage to get to her,
wherever she may be.
What then?
What's the exfil plan?
It's the same as before.
No, it's not the same.
It can't be.
Exfil plan was built on a narrow
window of surprise that's gone.
So tell me,
with everyone watching,
how do we get Simone and you
back to the U.S.?
That's not the mission.
The mission is
to retrieve Simone.
-Carrie.
-Which, I swear to God,
is still possible,
and I've not come all this way
in that fucking plane
and in my life
to fail in that mission
when I know I can succeed.
You've given me a hard time
the past few years.
I'm in, I'm out,
I'm all over the place.
I am not
all over the place now.
I'm here and I'm all in,
and I need you to say yes.
(indistinct conversations)
I've been robbed.
-You have.
-Yes, by you.
4:15 this morning, bank accounts
belonging to me and my family,
my associates, all emptied.
-American hackers.
-Sit, please.
-Where is my money?
-You want my help? Sit down.
(sighs)
What do you want?
I want Simone Martin.
-I don't have her.
-That's true. Yevgeny does.
-So? Ask him.
-He'd say no.
That's why I'm asking you.
Fuck you, Saul.
Fine, fuck me.
This is what happens
when the gloves come off
while you're cursing me,
the awkward position
I've put you in.
Remember, I did not
start this.
-Neither did I.
-No, your countrymen did.
They left bodies,
dead on the ground,
in America.
They left
our president damaged,
about to be deposed.
-This is what you believe.
-I don't believe. I know.
And I'm sick of it,
your bullshit. All of you.
Give me Simone Martin,
you get your money back.
Or swear to God,
this is only the start.
♪ ♪
(indistinct conversations)
(Yakushin and Mirov
speaking in Russian)
(shouts in Russian)
(speaks Russian)
He says he never
heard of her.
(indistinct conversations)
He's leaving the hotel.
We're tracking south.
He's got Moscow police
clearing a route for him
-back to Yasenevo.
-What's Yasenevo?
CARRIE: His home base.
SVR Headquarters.
MAX: What do you
think he's doing?
Well, he sure lost interest
in the conference.
What Saul said
made an impression.
Mirov's delegation's
ready downstairs.
Saul wants to know
when to expect you.
Uh, tell him
I'm staying here.
We're missing a few. Apologies.
So Yevgeny's not joining us?
No.
He wasn't happy about his
treatment yesterday.
Sorry to hear that.
Where is Miss Mathison?
Not feeling well.
General Yakushin?
He had to leave.
Maybe they have the right idea.
What do you mean?
To stay away.
The National Security Advisor
serves at the pleasure of the
President, am I right?
We've been advised Elizabeth
Keane is out.
So who am I even talking to?
(chuckles)
(creaking)
(engine revs)
MAX: You were right.
There he is, back at home base.
-(typing)
-You think he's got a plan?
Yakushin always has a plan.
Who are they?
-Can't tell.
-Can you enlarge?
-MAX: Um, no, not much.
-(typing)
(Yakushin yelling in Russian)
Lost them. We've got no coverage
inside the building.
-Hey.
-Where were you?
I've been calling.
-(door closes)
-Sorry. Did anything happen?
MAX: Yeah, lots. Someone
tipped off the Russians.
-What?
-MAX: Plan "A" at the dacha
went to shit.
Team walked into a trap.
Two casualties,
one on each side.
SANDY:
We're on to Plan "B" now.
Go after Yakushin,
get him to cough up Simone.
-What's that?
-Yakushin's headquarters.
No, no. That.
Carrie? You seeing this?
Yeah, I am.
(man shouting in Russian)
♪ ♪
-MAX: What do you think?
-30 men loaded for bear
less than an hour after Saul
squeezed Yakushin's balls?
We said get Simone.
That's what he's doing.
(speaks Russian)
(gate creaks)
Okay, they're on the move.
We're tracking.
♪ ♪
(unzips screen)
(screen zips)
-CARRIE: You ready?
-ANSON: Yeah.
Max, switch to mobile.
We're heading out.
♪ ♪
CARRIE: Where are they?
MAX: About a half-mile
from you.
Any idea
where they're going?
-No, not yet.
-SANDY: Yeah, maybe.
He's headed right at Mirov.
Mirov's at the hotel.
I mean, Mirov's headquarters,
the G.R.U. building.
He has a secure suite
there.
Top floor,
safest place in Moscow.
You think that's where
they moved her?
Yakushin obviously does.
-Bennet, you hear that?
-G.R.U.
♪ ♪
(men shouting in Russian)
(smack)
(shouting continues)
(rapid gunfire)
(crowd screaming)
(men shouting indistinctly)
(crowd shouting indistinctly)
(man shouting in Russian)
(cell phones vibrating)
(speaks Russian)
-SAUL: Something wrong?
-(vibrating continues)
MALE TRANSLATOR:
The colonel apologizes.
(cell phones continue vibrating)
Yevgeny,
what the hell is this?
We're under attack.
Yakushin, his men,
they're dragging people from the
building.
(rapid gunfire continues,
crowd shouting indistinctly)
Have they said why?
You know why.
The Americans put him up to
this,
I told you not to let Saul
Berenson into the country.
(men shouting in Russian)
Mirov!
You have to get the Kremlin to
intervene.
I'll try.
But if I can't resolve the
situation...
...you know we can't let them
get to Simone.
They won't get to her,
I'll stop them myself.
Yevgeny!
-Get away from the window.
-(crowd shouting in distance)
Come on.
So, they are
looking for me.
What did Mirov say?
He'll, uh,
call the Kremlin.
And what will the Kremlin say?
Don't worry.
You'll be safe here.
No one can touch you.
(kisses)
-I'll leave the guards outside.
-Where are you going?
-Gotta sort this out.
-Stay.
Let Mirov deal with this.
He is the one who let it
all happen.
(kisses)
Bolt the door. Don't let
anybody in but me, yeah?
(shouting in Russian)
(woman crying)
Oh, shit. Shit! Holy shit.
(men shouting indistinctly)
Okay, we need to put this
out on the Internet,
like Yevgeny would do it.
Use CCTV footage,
tourist videos,
whatever you can grab.
Make it sound like the whole
country's melting down.
-Come on.
-What?
Put it out.
Use Yevgeny's network.
W-We shut it down.
The bots are still there.
-MAX: Come on! Come on!
-CARRIE: Max?
-Yeah.
-We're moving.
(indistinct shouting)
(screaming)
Take her.
(indistinct shouting)
♪ ♪
(rapid gunfire,
men shouting in Russian)
(click)
(gunshots in distance,
crowd screaming)
(breathing heavily)
(indistinct conversations)
(panting) Excuse me.
Sir?
-Senator.
-You need to see this.
(beep)
There is chaos right now
in Moscow,
where elements of Russia's
intelligence apparatus are
involved in an armed standoff
less than a mile
from the Kremlin...
-WARNER: What is this?
-We started it.
-What?
-Keane did,
just before
she stepped down.
Sent a covert operation
over there
headed by Saul Berenson.
I just had
the Russian ambassador
screaming at me on the phone.
Oh.
You have to stop it.
Stop that?
How?
Declare Berenson a rogue
operator, disown him publicly,
or you're gonna have
the Russians
coming after you for this
20 minutes into your watch.
(anchorwoman speaking
indistinctly on TV)
(card scrapes, keypad buzzes)
-Max, are you there?
-Yeah.
I'm on the eighth floor.
The security badge doesn't work.
Do I go back down?
No, no. You're-you're
in the right place.
Okay, there should be
an opening to your left.
You see the opening?
MAX: There should be
a door at the end of it.
(exhales) Yeah.
(breathing heavily)
(door creaks)
Where's this go?
You're nearly there.
Carrie, hold on a second.
(lowered voice):
You can't be serious.
(indistinct conversations
in distance)
You have
a better suggestion?
Yeah, me neither.
(telephone beeps)
(wind blowing)
♪ ♪
-I see a balcony.
-Yeah.
That leads to the suite.
You okay, Carrie?
(wind blowing)
♪ ♪
Carrie, they're up
to the third floor.
You've gotta keep moving.
(inhales and exhales deeply)
♪ ♪
(wind howling)
Carrie?
Carrie, they're up
to the fourth floor.
Now you have
maybe five minutes.
(exhales)
(breathing heavily)
♪ ♪
(Carrie breathing heavily)
(exhales sharply)
I made it.
(click)
♪ ♪
-(gun cocks)
-Put your gun down.
So, this whole crazy thing
is you?
Wait. Wait, you-you know
what's happening outside.
They're here for you.
Yevgeny will never
give me up.
You think that's what it's even
about anymore, giving you up?
The world is watching.
The Kremlin has lost control.
You are the problem.
What do you think
they'll do?
(gunfire in distance)
They'll make the general
back down.
Does it sound like
that's what's happening?
(breathing heavily)
Mirov is probably talking
to Yevgeny right now.
-Stop.
-He's having the conversation.
Yevgeny's saying you're loyal.
You've done great things.
But Mirov is painting
the big picture,
and in the big picture,
you are expendable.
You don't know Yevgeny.
I know he killed Ivan Krupin
and Clayton and Dante Allen--
his people.
He killed them when
they became a problem,
and that is what
you are right now.
He'll walk in here,
and he'll tell you
everything's gonna be
all right, and then...
-You're wrong.
-Only, I'm not,
because we both know
that is the deal we make
in the work we do.
(gunshots in near distance,
woman screams)
(exhaling deeply)
(exhales slowly)
-(knocks on door)
-Simone? (sniffs)
-Simone, time to move.
-(rattles doorknob)
There's a path
through the basement.
(keypad buzzes)
Simone, there's a car waiting.
Open the door.
Simone?
♪ ♪
Open the door.
Guards!
(crowd shouting indistinctly)
That grey Mercedes.
She's in it!
Stop them!
(crackles, engine starts)
(breathing heavily)
You good?
Yeah.
(engine revs)
♪ ♪
Keep down, okay?
(engine starts)
♪ ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH